ACT 1: THE BLAKROS MUSEUM
OBSERVATORY
By the time the PCs get to the museum, Nigel Aldain
is standing outside waiting to meet them. Nigel may
recognize some of the PCs from previous encounters at
the Blakros Museum. Once the worried curator verifies
that the party members are indeed Pathfinders, he
explains his concerns to the PCs and tries to answer any
questions they might have regarding the situation.
Nigel Aldain has a disturbed expression, but looks slightly
relieved now that help is at hand. “Thank the gods you’re finally
here. It would appear something quite bizarre has happened to
my new Pathfinder-turned-assistant, Anumet Akrostera, while
we were researching the key to the newly discovered portal
beneath the museum. I had warned Anumet that many corners
of the museum hold mysteries that, as of yet, have never been
looked into, but I’m afraid something got to him all the same, as
the last time yesterday I saw him he was acting quite strangely,
and he failed to return today. I fear something evil in the attics
of the museum may have cursed him.”
The PCs will likely have questions for Nigel. He’ll help
them any way he can, but won’t accompany them as they
check the museum’s awkward crawlspaces and drafty attics
where Anumet was working. Below are answers to some of
the most likely questions the PCs may have for the curator.
What happened to Anumet? “Anumet was exploring
the museum’s attics and towers looking for clues about
the key to a newly discovered portal in the museum’s
catacombs. This morning, he went up to the attic for a
long time, and when he came down, he acted strangely,
as if he didn’t recognize anyone. His voice was hoarse
and the words he used were bizarre and archaic. He kept
rambling about Ralzeros the Overwatched, but nothing
he said made sense.
“He made for the catacombs and stared at the portal
we’ve been trying to unlock for some time. I don’t think
he realized I was still there, and I followed him around
the other areas in the catacombs, where he seemed to be
desperately searching for something. When he couldn’t find
it, he was furious. Anumet avoided me after that, but I saw
him look something up in our copy of Jackdaw’s History of 
the True Art, a book about famous wizards and astrologers.
He took the book with him and ran out of the museum. I
didn’t dare follow him, and haven’t seen him since.”
What’s in History of the True Art? “I don’t really know.
It does discuss Ralzeros the Overwatched quite a bit.
Forae Logos is the only other place I can think that would
have a copy.”
What are the attics and towers of the museum used for?
“They’re too rickety and awkward for any practical use
these days, but they’ve been there since the Blakros family
bought the place. Tales say that Ralzeros the Overwatched
put machines there that he used to observe the stars and
heavens above. Judging by how strangely everything up
there is laid out, I suspect that the stories are right when
they say he was insane.”
Where did Anumet go after he left the museum? “I have
no idea. Before he left, he was muttering something about
Ralzeros’s duel, but he was hunched over and wouldn’t
look at me when I tried to ask what he was talking about.”
Exactly where in the attics did Anumet go? “I’m not
sure, but you might be able to follow his trail in the dust.
The attics are filthy.”
What do you know about the portal in the catacombs?
“It was discovered a couple days ago when the museum’s
workmen were clearing the basement levels out to store
more of the Blakros family’s treasures. It’s a door a bit
bigger than a human, and its bizarre decorations made
my stomach churn just looking at them. You’re welcome to
have a look for yourself if you wish.”
Some incurious PCs may not stop to ask questions. If the
PCs seem to be looking in the wrong places for clues, Nigel
follows them for a short while and provides some of the
information that would have been answered above.
If the PCs ask to see the newly discovered portal,
Nigel leads them down into the catacombs, revealing a
passageway hidden behind apparently solid stone. At
the passage’s end stands a gleaming doorway, copper in
color, inlaid with malachite, and covered with intricate
arabesques. No obvious handle or lock is visible. Those
who study the portal for more than a few minutes have
the uncomfortable sensation that its decorations are
slowly moving.
While the Blakros Museum’s major structural members
are shaped from solid stone, the supports used on the
upper levels are made of wood. Some of these beams are so
aged and fragile that the museum’s upper chambers were
sealed away years ago to prevent collapse. The stairs that
accessed the upper floors were removed and the exhibit
halls remodeled to eliminate all sign of them.
A rickety ladder currently stands in the museum’s
storage room, leading up to a square hole in the ceiling’s
decorative plasterwork. Anumet used the ladder—kept 
so workers could access the building’s decrepit upper
stories—to explore the museum’s attics. 

1a. The Walkway (CR 1 or CR 3)
PCs who ascend the ladder in the storage room find
themselves in an ill-conceived maze of crawlspaces,
attics, and tower chambers, each connected by stairs,
ladders, and cramped walkways.
Reeking of vermin droppings, sagging walkways and cramped
stairwells connect the museum’s winding upper levels. Stifling
heat fills the sealed-off rooms and crannies, and cracked and
rotten boards pop and creak at the slightest touch. Dry-rotted
debris lies heaped atop broken furniture and shattered crates
in the long-disused chambers. Boot prints make an uncertain
and winding trail through the thick dust on the attic’s floors.
PCs trying to follow the trail Anumet’s boot prints left
in the thick dust can easily do so, and soon find a secret
door that now stands ajar, seeming to open out of an agewhitened
leaden frieze along one tower’s stone flank.
Trap: The 10-foot-long section of walkway in front of the
secret door is particularly treacherous, time having worn
it down to nearly collapsing. If more than one Medium
creature (or more than two Small creatures) stands on
the decrepit walkway at once, it collapses, dropping
victims onto the lath and plaster ceiling of the exhibit
hall below. In Subtier 1–2, the ceiling holds, but in Subtier
4–5, unfortunate PCs continue to crash through, taking
additional damage.

Subtier 1–2 (CR 1)
Rotten Walkway CR 1
Type mechanical; Perception DC 20; Disable Device DC 20
EFFECTS
Trigger location; Reset none
Effect 20-ft.-deep pit (2d6 falling damage); DC 17 Reflex
avoids; multiple targets (all targets in a 5-ft.-by-10-ft. area)

Subtier 4–5 (CR 4)
Rotten Walkway CR 4
Type mechanical; Perception DC 25; Disable Device DC 20
EFFECTS
Trigger location; Reset none
Effect 40-ft.-deep pit (4d6 falling damage); DC 21 Reflex
avoids; multiple targets (all targets in a 5-ft.-by-10-ft. area) 

Mission Notes: A DC 16 Perception check allows a
PC to notice an old record book fallen 20 feet below the
rickety walkway. It chronicles House Blakros’s dealings
in Osirion, including several incidents where family
members undermined Pathfinder interests in the area.
Grand Lodge faction PCs who retrieve this text and return
it to the museum’s archives without alerting Nigel receive
1 Prestige Point.

1b. The Orrery (CR 3 or CR 6)
Read the following aloud when the PCs enter the orrery.
Strange, organic-looking patterns wind across the walls and
ceiling of this chamber, and the stone walls look as though
they had grown winding tendrils that enshroud the area. At
the chamber’s center stands a massive, rust-covered device
of gears and arms about fifteen feet across. The end of each
arm supports a different colored sphere. Strange projections
and barbed arrows point through each of the globes, their
directions seemingly random. Opposite from the chamber’s
entrance, a naked and clearly dead body is impaled by a
rust-red arrow. The corpse faces a gray, wooden door, which
stands ajar.
PCs who succeed at a DC 15 Knowledge (arcana) or
Knowledge (geography) check recognize the device as an
orrery depicting Golarion’s known solar system.
Haunt: Anumet’s gruesome death left his tormented
spirit trapped, replaying his terror-filled final moments
over and over. Anyone who enters the chamber triggers the
haunt in the center of the room.

Subtier 1–2 (CR 3)
The Devourer’s Prey CR 3
CE haunt (30-ft. chamber)
Caster Level 3rd
Notice Perception DC 18 (to hear the sound of brains being
eaten)
hp 6; Trigger proximity; Reset 1 day
Effect When this haunt is triggered, Anumet’s wounds begin
to sizzle and turn green; acid bursts from the corpse and
strikes the nearest creature as though with acid arrow
(ranged touch attack +3; 2d4 damage per round for 2
rounds). All creatures in the area of the haunt are exposed
to a horrific vision that invades their minds. In the vision,
a withered humanoid figure with an elongated, pointed
tongue bursts forth from the gray door and grabs the thenliving
Anumet, subsequently tearing him apart with its
jagged claws and teeth. As the terrifying vision fades, the
monster hisses, “The gate shall soon open!”
Destruction Anumet’s body must be removed from the orrery
and given a proper burial.

Subtier 4–5 (CR 6)
The Devourer’s Prey CR 6
CE haunt (30-ft. chamber)
Caster Level 6th
Notice Perception DC 22 (to hear the sound of brains being eaten)
hp 12; Trigger proximity; Reset 1 day
Effect When this haunt is triggered, Anumet’s wounds begin
to sizzle and turn green; acid bursts from the corpse and
strikes the nearest creature as though with acid arrow
(ranged touch attack +6; 2d4 damage per round for 3
rounds). Until it is neutralized or destroyed, the haunt
continues to strike another creature with its acid arrow every
round after the first. All creatures in the area of the haunt
are exposed to a horrific vision that invades their minds. In
the vision, a withered humanoid figure with an elongated,
pointed tongue bursts forth from the gray door and grabs
the then-living Anumet, subsequently tearing him apart
with its jagged claws and teeth. As the terrifying vision
fades, the monster hisses, “The gate shall soon open!”
Destruction Anumet’s body must be removed from the orrery
and given a proper burial.
Development: The rust-covered orrery’s jagged barbs
and warped gears have kept Anumet’s remains from
collapsing to the floor, and a quick examination of the
bloody corpse reveals horrifying wounds that could not
possibly have been caused by the machine itself. A DC 10
Heal check is enough for a PC to see that something has
feasted upon the corpse, devouring much of its skin and
cracking the skull open to devour its contents. Anumet’s
clothing and effects are nowhere to be seen. A DC 12 
Knowledge (religion) check identifies the claw and bite
marks covering the body as typical of a ghoul’s victims. A
DC 20 Heal check reveals that Anumet’s body is partially
frostbitten in places.
Treasure: The doorknob to the vault that served as the
devourer’s prison is made of clear crystal with a chunk
of sapphire inside; the entire piece is worth 114 gp. A
tiny golden statuette sits within the orrery’s rust-choked
mechanisms, caught between two gears. It depicts a
bizarre, apparently formless creature covered with eyes
and tendrils. It can be sold to a broad-minded collector for
199 gp in Subtier 1–2 and 1,240 in Subtier 4–5. Additionally,
the orrery itself is worth 912 gp in Subtier 1–2 and 3,576 gp
in Subtier 4–5, if sold to the right astronomer.

Mission Notes: Silver Crusade faction PCs who
neutralize the haunt and give Anumet’s body a proper
burial receive 1 Prestige Point.

Rewards: If the PCs destroy, neutralize, or otherwise
survive the haunt, reward each subtier thusly:
Subtier 1–2:
Give each PC 102 gp.
Subtier 4–5:
Give each PC 411 gp.

1c. The Devourer’s Prison
Read the following when the PCs enter the devourer’s prison.
Scattered scraps of parchment and torn bindings cover the
floor of this small chamber. Scratched glyphs cover its stone
walls and even span part of the ceiling. A foul reek hangs in the
air, like the stench of something long dead.
After the Devourer of Reason consumed one of
Ralzeros’s favored apprentices, the wizard magically
bound his otherworldly advisor and minion within this
isolated chamber. He had planned to punish it later and
bend the thing to his will, but his sudden disappearance
left the Devourer of Reason trapped and forgotten. Over
the long years of its imprisonment, the ravenous monster
scrawled its madness-induced thoughts on the walls, most
of which detail revenge plots against Ralzeros. PCs who
can read Aklo or who make a successful DC 25 Linguistics
check can read the scrawled messages, learning the beast’s
name as well as its desire to unleash further horrors from
the Dark Tapestry upon Golarion, though its exact plan
remains a mystery.
If the PCs inform Nigel of their gruesome findings, the
curator urges the party to find out what the murderous thing
masquerading as Anumet hoped to find. He offers to search
for more clues in the Blakros archives and recommends
the PCs either find Jackdaw’s History of the True Art in the
libraries of Forae Logos, or visit the Arcanamirium to
consult Maren Fuln, a wizard who has become quite well
versed in Absalom’s history in the past few years. Parties
that report back to the Grand Lodge are ordered to track
down Anumet’s killer using whatever skills they have at
their disposal, as well as find out what the undead monster
was so adamantly seeking when it left the museum.

Mission Notes: Qadira faction PCs will want to
surreptitiously study the records kept in the museum’s
offices. A DC 18 Bluff check distracts the museum staff
long enough for faction members to find the names they
seek. More straightforward PCs may persuade the office
clerks to cooperate with a successful DC 20 Diplomacy
check or a 20 gp bribe. Qadira faction PCs who gain access
to these records receive 1 Prestige Point.
