Read the following to get the adventure underway.
-------------------------------------------------------
Drandle Dreng’s entrance is as understated as always at the
meeting with him this morning. He carries stacks of papers and
tomes, and shedding stray pages as he makes his way toward
a large, cushioned chair; once seated, he greets you warmly.
“Welcome, welcome, glad to see you’ve made yourself at
home. No point in beating around the bush, since I’m sure
you’re all very curious why I called you here today, hm?
“As you may or may not know, the Society has been bolstering
its influence with the esteemed Blakros family for some time
now, and have assisted them and their famous museum with
various incidents over the past few years—discovering several
new levels of catacombs in the process.
“Just recently, the Blakros Museum’s curator, Nigel Aldain,
informed us that he’d discovered a mysterious portal within the
building’s vast catacombs, and sought information regarding
how to open it. We sent one of our agents, a man by the name
of Anumet Akrostera, to help research the matter further, which
involved delving into the various attics and crawlspaces of
the Blakros Museum in search of clues that might lead to the
whereabouts of the portal’s key.
“Earlier today, Nigel showed up here, claiming that something
was wrong with Anumet. It seems that the Pathfinder set off
some sort of curse or trap while poking around in the place’s
attics and was acting strangely, and now he can’t be found
at all. I need you to head to Blakros Museum and get to the
bottom of this. Find Anumet, and if he has gotten himself into
irreparable trouble, you’ll also need to take up where he left off
and find that key.”
------------------------------------------------------------------
PCs who have ranks in Knowledge (history) or
Knowledge (local) may be able to recall information about
Blakros Museum before making their way to the famous
building. This knowledge can provide important clues
about future events in this scenario. Let the PCs make
the following checks, and consult the information below.

Knowledge (history)
10+ In the early days of Absalom, the Blakros Museum
was the stronghold of an eccentric wizard. After being
abandoned for centuries, it was bought by the Blakros
family, who turned it into a museum for their vast
collection of curios.
15+ The mad astrologer Ralzeros the Overwatched built
what is now the Blakros Museum thousands of years ago
as an observatory to study distant worlds (and some say,
to be studied by them). He later disappeared following a
mage-duel with another of Absalom’s early wizards.
25+ Ralzeros carved his stronghold from a single block
of volcanic stone with the help of fell powers granted to
him by otherworldly patrons, supposedly to hide the
powerful artifacts secreted in the catacombs beneath
the keep. In addition, some tales hint that Ralzeros was
actually abducted by alien monsters from the worlds he
had studied so obsessively.

Knowledge (local) or Diplomacy
(gather information)
10+ Blakros Museum is owned by the esteemed House
Blakros, an extensive clan whose family members have
made their fortune by trading odd antiquities across the
border of Taldor and Qadira, as well as by marrying off their
beautiful daughters to wealthy nobles all around the world.
They store many of their curious gifts and the findings of 
their more adventurous daughters in exhibits in the Blakros
Museum, which they purchased for just this purpose.
15+ The Pathfinder Society is interested in forming an
alliance with the Blakros family to gain access to their
extensive collection of historical and arcane treasures.
20+ Many pieces in the Blakros’s collection are
connected to the Dark Tapestry or other otherworldly
horrors studied by Ralzeros.
