The ancient halls of Blakros Museum, a structure of
incredible antiquity, have witnessed many strange
events over the centuries. The eccentric astrologer
Ralzeros the Overwatched originally built this sprawling
stronghold of black basalt carved from the bedrock of
the Isle of Kortos as his sanctum and observatory. With
his myriad astrological devices, Ralzeros observed the
otherworldly forces that resided in the Dark Tapestry far
beyond Golarion, and in turn, those forces watched him.
These unknowable beings of the cosmos went so far as
to provide Ralzeros with an assistant, a ghoul known as
the Devourer of Reason. Though the monster provided
Ralzeros with numerous secrets of the void, when it
betrayed him by feasting upon one of his favorite human
assistants, the astrologer imprisoned the monster in one
of his stronghold’s numerous attic spaces, and the undead
horror was promptly forgotten when Ralzeros disappeared
not long after.
布莱卡洛斯博物馆内的古老大堂在几个世纪以来见证了很多奇怪的事件，大堂有着难以置信的悠久历史。
性情古怪的占星家瑞泽罗最初用寇图斯岛基座的黑色玄武岩雕凿了蔓延的据点作为他的私室和天文台。
在多种天文工具的帮助下，瑞泽罗观察到了超凡的力量在远离格拉利昂的黑暗异帷升起，同样的，这些力量也观察着他。
这些宇宙中的不可知的存在到目前为止只提供给瑞泽罗一个称之为理性毁灭者的食尸鬼。
尽管这个怪物告诉了瑞泽罗无数的秘密，但它背叛了瑞泽罗并吃下了瑞泽罗最喜欢的人类助手。
占星家把这个怪物囚禁在据点的无数阁楼中，在瑞泽罗消失之后不久，不死者的恐慌就迅速被遗忘了。
Now the enormous building belongs to the influential
Blakros family, who converted the structure into a museum
to display their various treasures. Rumors persist, however,
that the place remains haunted by dark magic, and incidents
of murder and madness remain seem drawn to the place. In
recent years, the Decemvirate has made it into the museum
curator’s good graces by helping with numerous incidents,
and the Society has taken this opportunity to look into
more of the building’s oddities and discover its secrets.
Recently, the museum’s curator, Nigel Aldain, discovered
a new layer to the catacombs that lie beneath the Blakros
Museum, a layer containing a strange copper portal clearly
of an ancient and magical nature. Where this portal leads
remains a mystery, but when Nigel offered the Pathfinder
Society the opportunity to send an agent to help research
the matter, the Grand Lodge jumped at the chance, sending
a Pathfinder named Anumet Akrostera to help the curator
in the search for a key to open the portal. Anumet proved
a valuable asset in exploring the countless nooks and
crannies of the museum, but his explorations proved to be
his undoing, as he inadvertently stumbled upon and opened
the chamber that bound the Devourer of Reason.
现在这个巨大的建筑属于有影响力的布莱卡洛斯家族，他们把建筑改造成博物馆以展示他们的各种宝藏。
但是，谣言依旧存在，那个地方依然被黑魔法困扰，谋杀和疯狂的骚乱依旧被吸引到了这个地方。
在近些年，通过帮助无数的事件，十人团获得了博物馆馆长的亲睐，
协会已经利用这个机会去观察更多建筑的古怪并发现它们的秘密。
最近，博物馆馆长尼格尔.艾伦在布莱卡洛斯地下发现了新的一层通向陵墓，
这一层包含了一扇奇怪的青铜门，青铜门有很明显的古代和魔法痕迹。这扇门通向何方仍旧是个迷
，但尼格尔提供给探索者协会一个机会——提供一位代理以帮助研究此事。
探索者本部派出了一位名叫Anumet Akrostera的成员去帮助博物馆长寻找打开这扇门的关键。(从. Anumet proved后未翻译）
The Devourer of Reason ravaged Anumet’s mind as it
tore him to pieces, and saw that the Pathfinder intended to
unlock the copper portal in the catacombs of the building
(a door that the Devourer remembered as the entrance
to a vault containing many potent wonders. Maddened
by its long imprisonment and driven to wreak as much
destruction as possible, the Devourer used Anumet’s
knowledge to locate a tome it knew would show it how to
open the copper door, an ancient text entitled History of
the True Art, which contained numerous cryptic entries
written by Ralzeros himself. From this book, it learned that
Ralzeros’s feud with the mage Beldrin (whose towers can
still be seen from the Precipice Quarter) may have stemmed
from accusations that Beldrin stole one of Ralzeros’s famed
keys, keys that would allow whoever wielded them access to
a portion of the many magnificent treasures and wonders in
the expansive catacombs beneath his stronghold. Seeking
to unlock the portal at any costs, the Devourer of Reason—
disguised as Anumet—made haste toward the Tower of 
the Horn in search of the key. Nigel, noticing the serious
shift in Anumet’s normally calm demeanor, reported the
incident to the Pathfinder Society in hopes that they may be
able to more fully investigate the matter.
